.TH ENGIR 1 2022-08-15 "engir" "Engir Build Tools"

.SH NAME
engir \- Engir build tool.

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBengir\fR [\fB-C\fR \fIdir\fR] [\fB--quiet\fR] \fIcommand\fR [\fIargs\fR ...]
.RS 4
Execute engir \fIcommand\fR.
.RE

\fBengir\fR \fIcommand\fR \fB--help\fR
.RS 4
Get help about a \fIcommand\fR recognized by \fBengir\fR.
.RE

\fBengir\fR \fB--help\fR
.RS 4
Show brief usage information for \fBengir\fR command.
.RE

\fBengir\fR
.RS 4
Display list of sub-commands recognized by the \fBengir\fR command.
.RE

.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBengir\fR command organizes a set of utilities to help build software
projects and create self-installing binaries.  For additional information on a
particular command try:

    \fBengir\fR \fIcommand\fR \fB--help\fR

.SH ARGUMENTS

.TP
\fIcommand\fR
.RS 4
Name of the command to execute.  Use \fBengir\fR \fIcommand\fR \fB--help\fR for
more information about a command.
.RE

.TP
\fIargs\fR
.RS 4
Additional arguments to pass to the \fIcommand\fR.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-C\fR,\fB--cd\fR \fIdir\fR
.RS 4
Change to \fIdir\fR before executing command.
.RE

.TP
\fB--help\fR
.RS 4
Display high-level summary of options and arguments.
.RE

.TP
\fB-q\fR,\fB--quiet\fR
.RS 4
Reduce unnecessary output such as formatting and logging.
.RE

.TP
\fB-v\fR,\fB--verbose\fR
.RS 4
Print unnecessary output such as formatting and logging.
.RE

.TP
\fB--version\fR
.RS 4
Print version information for \fBengir\fR command and exit.
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBengir-npm\fR(1), \fBengir-tarball\fR(1)
